src/guide/setup/readme.md, before:

# Setup - Prepare your RaspberryPis

::: danger
Warning: this is not a stable software and the documentation may miss some details for now. If you have any troubles, please create a github issue.
:::

First of all, [download or clone the project hosted on Github](https://github.com/mxmaxime/mx-tech-house).

## Burn the Raspbian image
I use [balena](https://www.balena.io/etcher/) to burn my images, but you can use the software that you want.

1. [Download Raspbian image](https://www.raspberrypi.org/): please go to raspberry pi **official** website.
2. Burn the image on your sd card (:warning: choose the right disk, triple check)

## Setup network connexion

### Create static ip
On your network you have a DHCP server that delivers IP to devices.

It is very useful to have your raspberrypis assigned to a static ip, that means that the IP will never change because the DHCP server knows what IP to assign to this device. This is totally dependent from your network, generally your DHCP server is provided by your router. Get information about it and assign a static ip for every device of this system.

:::danger
DHCP assigns an IP to a MAC address so if the mac address change, the IP change. 
It is the case if you change the network interface: you decide to go from WiFi to eth link. In this case you can change the static ip to reflect the mac address change, it's up to you.
:::

### Enable SSH
Create a file named `ssh` in the boot folder of the SD card. This will enable ssh.

### WiFi
To add network info you need to create a second text file called `wpa_supplicant.conf` and place that in the root of the boot SD as the `ssh` file.

```
country=FR
ctrl_interface=DIR=/var/run/wpa_supplicant GROUP=netdev
update_config=1
network={
    ssid="Your SSID"
    psk="YourWPAPassword"
    key_mgmt=WPA-PSK
}
```

### Find your raspberry pi on your LAN
When your raspberry is connected to your network (LAN), you'll be able to connect to it remotly through SSH. But to do so... We need its ip address. You can use your router to find its ip or you can use `nmap` to analyze your network and find it:
```
sudo nmap -sn 192.168.1.0/24
```
Where `192.168.1.0/24` is my network ip/mask ([CIDR notation](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Classless_Inter-Domain_Routing)).

### SSH Keys
I suggest you (strongly recommend), to activate SSH connexion with ssh keys.
That can be done easily by the `setup-ssh-keys.sh` script that will:

- generate a key pair (ed25519)
- send them on the rpi by ssh login@pi (you'll be asked the login & pi).
- create your ~/.ssh/config for you if you want to, so you can easily connect to your rpi by doing `ssh user@hostname`. The hostname will be asked.

Run the script and let yourself be guided.

## Raspi config
We need to configure a little bit the raspberry.

```
sudo raspi-config
```

- "Advanced Options" -> Expan filesystem ensures that all of the SD card storage is available to the OS (then reboot).

Commit message:

add: setup docker stats for rpi

src/guide/setup/readme.md, after:

# Setup - Prepare your RaspberryPis

::: danger
Warning: this is not a stable software and the documentation may miss some details for now. If you have any troubles, please create a github issue.
:::

First of all, [download or clone the project hosted on Github](https://github.com/mxmaxime/mx-tech-house).

## Burn the Raspbian image
I use [balena](https://www.balena.io/etcher/) to burn my images, but you can use the software that you want.

1. [Download Raspbian image](https://www.raspberrypi.org/): please go to raspberry pi **official** website.
2. Burn the image on your sd card (:warning: choose the right disk, triple check)

## Setup network connexion

### Create static ip
On your network you have a DHCP server that delivers IP to devices.

It is very useful to have your raspberrypis assigned to a static ip, that means that the IP will never change because the DHCP server knows what IP to assign to this device. This is totally dependent from your network, generally your DHCP server is provided by your router. Get information about it and assign a static ip for every device of this system.

:::danger
DHCP assigns an IP to a MAC address so if the mac address change, the IP change. 
It is the case if you change the network interface: you decide to go from WiFi to eth link. In this case you can change the static ip to reflect the mac address change, it's up to you.
:::

### Enable SSH
Create a file named `ssh` in the boot folder of the SD card. This will enable ssh.

## Docker stats reports zero memory usage
If you want to use `docker stats`, it does not work properly by default, you won't be able to see memory usage.


Fix it by adding this the following instructions at the end of the cmdline.txt file.

```
cgroup_enable=cpuset cgroup_enable=memory cgroup_memory=1
```

Then it should work.

Related github issues:
- [docker stats CONTAINER reports zero memory usage](https://github.com/moby/moby/issues/18420)
- [docker stats doesn't report memory usage on arm64](https://github.com/docker/for-linux/issues/1112)

### WiFi
To add network info you need to create a second text file called `wpa_supplicant.conf` and place that in the root of the boot SD as the `ssh` file.

```
country=FR
ctrl_interface=DIR=/var/run/wpa_supplicant GROUP=netdev
update_config=1
network={
    ssid="Your SSID"
    psk="YourWPAPassword"
    key_mgmt=WPA-PSK
}
```

### Find your raspberry pi on your LAN
When your raspberry is connected to your network (LAN), you'll be able to connect to it remotly through SSH. But to do so... We need its ip address. You can use your router to find its ip or you can use `nmap` to analyze your network and find it:
```
sudo nmap -sn 192.168.1.0/24
```
Where `192.168.1.0/24` is my network ip/mask ([CIDR notation](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Classless_Inter-Domain_Routing)).

### SSH Keys
I suggest you (strongly recommend), to activate SSH connexion with ssh keys.
That can be done easily by the `setup-ssh-keys.sh` script that will:

- generate a key pair (ed25519)
- send them on the rpi by ssh login@pi (you'll be asked the login & pi).
- create your ~/.ssh/config for you if you want to, so you can easily connect to your rpi by doing `ssh user@hostname`. The hostname will be asked.

Run the script and let yourself be guided.

## Raspi config
We need to configure a little bit the raspberry.

```
sudo raspi-config
```

- "Advanced Options" -> Expan filesystem ensures that all of the SD card storage is available to the OS (then reboot).
